Okay,
so let's have ah practical example here for creating a pivot.
Sure.
So here I've got a pivot table having our sales people here in the rose section,
and I've got our sales amount in the Submission of value section.
So I'm going to create a pivot charts here,
a column chart that shows the sales for each sales persons.
And this is gonna be useful for comparing the sales of each sales person so that we know
who is the top achiever in the salespeople.
So I'm just going to select a cell here inside my pivot chart.
I'm going to go to the insert tab on the ribbon and that I'm going to go here,
too.
The column charts,
and I'm going to select a clustered column chart.
And as you can see here,
this chart can compare between the sales people's sales amounts and I can just name this
chart sales pair sales person.
Another thing I can do to make this chart even easier to read is to actually sort the sales
amounts here in descending order.
So I'm going to select a cell here inside my pivot table.
Go to the data top on the ribbon on.
Then I'm gonna select here to sort largest to smallest.
And this will make the chart evening easier for me to read.
I can also show the data labels here.
Add the data labels.
So now I've added the data labels to show how much each sales person has made sales for.
And I'm gonna also delete this legend as I don't need it because it's obvious that these
columns and these figures are for sales.
Okay,
so this is a simple pivot chart that I managed to create.
I managed to customize that pivot chart it to be even clearer and easier to read.
I can even remove these grid lines here so I can click on them and pressed the delete
button on the keyboard to make the chart easier to read.
And also,
I'm going to be able to do more customization,
even to my chart.
If a click on this plus by in here,
I can add stuff.
I can add access titles.
I can I titles to the axes.
I can add data labels.
I can create a data table below the charts.
As you can see here,
here's the data table created below the chart,
and he shows the amount off sales for each sales person on it can add error bars.
I can add some grid lines.
I can add more grid lines.
I removed the grid lines,
but I can add them.
We add them again here,
I can add the legend and I can add a trend line as well.
And this feature your being able to customize your charts through these two buttons here
has been added since Excel 2013.
I can also hear change the colors and the styles of the charts.
I can change styles year,
and I can also change the colors here off the short the color scheme.
And I can do the same thing.
If I click here on the pivot chart itself and then go to the design tab here on the ribbon
,
I will have the same options.
Change the colors,
change the styles as well.
The chart styles and I can also add chart elements from here.
Just like what we were doing here with the plus button,
I can also hear change the layouts off the charts.
Give it a quick one of those quick templates layouts.
So,
as you consider,
it's very easy to customize your pivot charts here.
And also,
one more tip for you is that if you need to customize any element on your pivot chart,
just select that element and then press control and one on your keyboard control,
and one is your friend here.
When it comes to customizing elements on your pivot chart and even on the normal charts
when you press control and one it will,
it will show here the options for customizing the elements here on the right hand side so
you can see here you can customize the fill color.
You can customize the effects on the bars themselves,
and you can customize.
Also,
the Siri's options here can customize the overlapping and the gap with,
so you can easily customize any element here by selecting the element impressing control on
one on your keyboard.
So if I press controlling one after selecting the data labels here,
I press control,
and when you can see her,
I'll get the options for the data labels so controlled one.
After you select any element on your pivot chart takes use trade away to the options for
customizing that particular element